refs sparkfabrik-innovation-team/board#2219 - Add mysql export all co… (#23)
sparkfabrik/docker-ops-utils: README.md

| `--timeout-bucket` | `TIMEOUT_BUCKET` | Defines the maximum waiting time for bucket set up (default 10s) |
| `--timeout-mysql` | `TIMEOUT_MYSQL` | Defines the maximum waiting time for mysql service (default 30s) |

## Export All databases to bucket

> This command exports all databases to a bucket. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command exports all databases to a bucket.

```

> All database are exported in single file, with the name of the database as path (without the `-db` suffix) plus the --file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All databases are exported as a single file, using the name of the database as path (removing the `-db` suffix) and the `--file` parameter value as file name.
```
